Document `updates.bottlerocket.aws` endpoint (#387)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator: README.md

kubectl logs brupop-agent-podname --namespace brupop-bottlerocket-aws 
```

### Why are my bottlerocket nodes egressing to `https://updates.bottlerocket.aws`?

The [Bottlerocket updater API](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/sources/updater/README.md)
utilizes metadata from a public URL to query and check for updates.

> The URL is `https://updates.bottlerocket.aws` and the Bottlerocket's `apiclient` requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL is `https://updates.bottlerocket.aws` and the Bottlerocket's update system requires
```

access to this endpoint in order to perform updates.

Cluster nodes running in production environments with limited network access
may not be able to reach this metadata endpoint
and you may see failures when updates are available or an update status that appears "stuck".

To troubleshoot and validate this, [access one of your Bottlerocket nodes on your cluster](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/9adbe40c3fced559b2d05829e62902060c5ecc9c/README.md#exploration),
and manually execute `apiclient update check`. If you see errors that indicate `Failed to check for updates`
and network timeouts, ensure that your nodes on cluster have access to `https://updates.bottlerocket.aws`.

If it is unacceptable to give your Bottlerocket nodes outside network access,
you may consider creating a self managed proxy within the cluster

> that can periodically scrape the update metadata information from `https://updates.bottlerocket.aws`.

Reviewer: metadata?
They would need to clone the metadata and the targets to make use of the update repo.

```suggestion
that can periodically scrape the update ? information from `https://updates.bottlerocket.aws`.
```
